hi everyone I just wanted to post a
really quick video here on the main
numberphile Channel about something new
I'm doing that might be of interest and
that is a number file podcast obviously
I travel all over the place meeting
mathematicians and numbering people
making sure videos but also in recent
years I've started making a couple of
podcasts and it got me thinking it seems
crazy that I'm travelling around and
meeting all these people who've got so
much to say and just making these short
videos I could make a podcast with them
as well so that's what I'm doing the
first three episodes up already
they're interviews with Hannah fry which
is the one that's just gone up today
although it was a massive note what I
really want you to do is be a
hairdresser and my mum was like okay
what we'll do you just do your a levels
and then we'll talk about this again so
I did maths physics and chemistry a
levels and then after I did my a levels
I was like you know I still would quite
like to do a hairdressing course my mom
was like tell you I'll just go off to
university and do an undergraduate
degree in master theoretical physics and
then after that and then yeah by the
time I finish my PhD I was like probably
not gonna be a hairdresser grant
Sanderson from 3 blue one brown that's a
really good listen I don't think it
would be good if everyone wanted to be a
mathematician because the cold hard
truth is it's not it's not useful enough
like pure math in and of itself isn't
useful enough for too many people to be
doing it I'm gonna make that statement I
don't know if I stand by it but I think
I do and Ken a man who played a major
role in the proof of Fermat's Last
Theorem when Andrew first heard about
the flaw in July of 1993 I guess he
didn't believe that it was all that
serious he thought it would just needed
patching up so he must have been aware
that I was out there you know beating
his drum but he never told me
so it took months before I found out how
serious the problem was now you can
listen to the numberphile podcast in the
usual podcast ways it should be on most
of the players if you go and get your
phone or however you listen to podcasts
do the usual search you probably know
what you're doing by now I'll also
include some links in the description
but I know some of you aren't too
red-hot on using podcast players just
yet so I'm also putting the episodes on
the numberphile to YouTube channel do
you know about the numberphile - YouTube
channel that's where I put extra stuff
from
phile main videos outtakes bonus
material and also now it's the home of
the numberphile podcast so if you don't
want to listen to it on your phone or in
headphones you can just play on a tab on
your computer and have it running in the
background
more details down in the video
description numberphile podcast check it
out I'll be back in the next day or two
with a normal number file video